Update resteasy-reactive-migration.adoc (#39135)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/resteasy-reactive-migration.adoc

The difference between `quarkus-resteasy-reactive` and `quarkus-resteasy` is the use of `text/plain` as the default media type instead of `text/html`
when the method returns a `String`.

=== Injection of `@SessionScoped` beans

> `@SessionScoped` beans cannot be injected into Rest endpoints. If you need this, you will need to use the extension `quarkus-resteasy` instead of `quarkus-resteasy-reactive`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@SessionScoped` beans are currently not supported. Should you really need this functionality, you'll need to use RESTEasy Classic instead of RESTEasy Reactive.
```
